com.alibaba.aliexpresshd.apk ==> Termination 
com.champssports.champssports.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.contextlogic.cute.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.contextlogic.geek.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.daraz.android.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.dollargeneral.android.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.gyft.android.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.isbx.icuracao.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.marianos.android.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.rainbowshops.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.row52.app.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.ScanBuy.SmartLabel2.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.ScanLife.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.taobao.htao.android.apk ==> Termination 
com.taobao.taobao.apk ==> Termination 
com.tapingo.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.therealreal.app.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.tradesy.android.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.treasurelistings.gsalr.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
com.trixiesoft.clapp.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
kids.shop.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException
