com.wfmj.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wibw.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kytv.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.localtvllc.fourwarnme.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.speedymarks.android.temperatureFree.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wtic.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wnct.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kcci.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.justhurricanes.orl.app.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wofl.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wlos.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.bluewater.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wtvc.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wkbn.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.adobe.climaApplication.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.nstudio.weatherhere.free.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.aws.android.tsunami.apk: java.lang.RuntimeException: Failed to process zip file: /jimmy/hdd/aa3564/Weather1/Test/com.aws.android.tsunami.apk
com.justhurricanes.hou.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wcax.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wkow.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wluk.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.buoyweather.android.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wivb.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wsaz.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wcyb.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wmur.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wrcb.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.weatherflow.windmeter.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wish.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.williamking.whattheforecast.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wdtn.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kwtx.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wway.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.waga.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.braincandy.tornadosiren.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.mvtrail.thermometerhygrometer2.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.ksdk.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wsbt.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kxii.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.tregware.radar.apk ==> Termination 
com.justhurricanes.app.jax.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wifr.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wkyc.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.koaa.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.youngmedia.wkrn.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wgn.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.ktul.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kutv.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kwwl.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wkyt.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.weatherforecast.weatherchannel.liveweather.accu.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wdaf.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wspa.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wowt.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.androapplite.weatherleo.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.giudicelli.digitalthermometerfree.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wndu.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wreg.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.anapaapps.android.windcompass.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kvii.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wdef.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wpsd.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.justhurricanes.app.ant.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.gsoft.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.mytowntonight.aviationweather.apk ==> Termination 
com.wane.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.bestfriends.live.weather.app.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wrbl.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.witn.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.apptool.weather.free.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wtov.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wciv.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wand.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.hearst.wdsuhurricanes.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wvtm.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wate.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
