com.arcusweather.darksky.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.codebots.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.justhurricanes.mia.app.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kalb.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.katc.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kbtx.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kgw.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.khou.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kmsp.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.koam.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kokh.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kolov.weatherstation.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.krcg.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.ksaz.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.ksl.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kspr.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.ktbs.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.ktiv.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kvly.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.kwch.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.liveweather.update.todayweather.forecast.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.localtvllc.thirteenwarnme.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.mg.android.free.apk ==> Termination 
com.mobiquityinc.uf_florida_storms_android.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.mylocaltv.katvwx.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.noaaweather_lite.android.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.pelmorex.WeatherEyeAndroid.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.pkapps.roomtemperature.livereports.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.plus.android.weather.apk ==> Termination 
com.smartblanket.activities.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.speedymarks.android.windfree.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.surfline.android.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.tool.goodweather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.universetoday.moon.free.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.voyagegames.weatherroute.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.waay.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.waka.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wavy.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wbko.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wboc.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wcjb.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wcnc.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wcti.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wctv.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wday.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wdbj.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.weyi.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wfld.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wghp.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wgme.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wgxa.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.whsv.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.williamking.whattheforecast.pro.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wilx.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wink.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wisc.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wjhg.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wjw.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wkrg.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wktv.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wlex.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wmgt.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wood.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wpta.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wsav.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wsmv.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wsyx.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wttg.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wtvt.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wtvy.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.wxin.android.weather.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.youngmedia.kwqc.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
com.youngmedia.wbay.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
ffz.com.barometerprofree.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
gov.miamidade.ReadyMDC.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
ru.yandex.weatherplugin.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
slo.lesnik.apk ==> Termination 
temporadaciclonica.apporb.apk: java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "soot.SootClass.toString()" because the return value of "LocationContext.Analyse.findComponent(soot.jimple.toolkits.callgraph.CallGraph, soot.SootMethod, java.util.Set)" is null
